
API Key = 9757cd26
Append apikey=9757cd26 on the end of urls to return response from DB

Example URL:
http://www.omdbapi.com/?t=signs&apikey=9757cd26
This will return information about the movie Signs from 2002

Documentation for the site:
http://www.omdbapi.com/


usefull GA scripts:
1. /unit02/lessons/quote-sta-gram

2. /unit02/lessons/fetch-sql-practice
  - api.js shows fetch functions

3. /unit03/lessons/react docs




Nick Rucker - Support Team Lead: Interacting with Customers

  1. Talk about a complex, technical concept that you had to explain to a non-technical customer:
      - jQuery


  2. How have you pushed back on a customer's request and/or convinced them of a 
     better way of executing their desired solution?
      - typically if I need to push back it's because we have a tight timeline or a product feature
        is lacking in ability. 
      - If I need to push back I simply communicate it in terms of this is the best thing for you and your end users.
      - Discuss the customers desire for Smart Walk-Thrus and how SmartTips are better for engagement.
      - Use data analysis to convince them of Walkme best practices
    

  3. Internal Communication: how do you handle when things are not working as anticipated? 
     This could be delivery delays, bugs, etc
     - If it is a fire drill, I escalate to my manager immediately who pulls in the proper resources to movie
       quickly on the issues at hand. Otherwise, I will communicate interenally with parties that can help resolve
       any issues.


  4. How often do you communicate with customers? And, what is their typical role within a customer's organization?
     - I communicate through all mediums really: Email, zoom and text occasionally. It really depends on their
       preference. We do prefer zoom because we can record the sessions and give it to the client if it's more
       technical and they need to review it.



Ella Brand - Director of Tech Program Mgmt & Product Ops: Working Cross Functionally
  1. Share an example of how you influenced a different team/stakeholder to help 
     you make a decision in your project's favor? What did you learn?
     - This happens all the time with product feature request and if I can gather enough evidence
       to create the feature, I can influence product/dev to build it out for me and my clients.
       I've learned that I need to approach teams with enough information and show how this could 
       provide additional value to clients which ultimately helps Walkme.

  2. How have you used data or analytics to adjust a project plan or even during execution after the 
     first milestone results came in?
     - I review analytics after two weeks of being live. Using the data I recommend more of what's working and less
       of what isn't. I might scale back on features I built or scale depending on the results I see. If their
       client is happy with the build as is, I set the stage for a phase two and provide suggestions based on findings

  3. How do you clearly define what you need from someone else? 
     When those needs are met or people don’t do what they say they are going to do, 
     what is your typical path of escalation?
     - I always give more information than necessary and I'll generally try to sync via screen Share
       because I think it's entirely more efficient than slack or internal communication (at least for the intro).
       Once they know what I need, slack is usually okay or google sheets/docs which is collaborative

       If someone defaults on their commitment, I'll kindly remind them of what's needed and ask if they
       can accomplish that within the timeframe or if someone else is more suitable, then who is it.

       If it's something a client needs, then I will escalate after I've decided the colleague is 
       not helpful. 


  4. When you work with different departments how is the work typically divided? 
     How do your objectives differ from the folks in other departments?
     - I'm a technical resource so I typically handle all things technical. 


  5. What are your best practices for virtual communication?
     - Be available during work hours.
     - respond ASAP to internal and external communication.
     - send follow ups frequently if needed.
     - screen share when possible over chats



John Allee - Software Engineer ((former SSE): Technical Challenge

  Feature set:
    1. Users can see 10 movies at a time
    2. List of movies is sorted by title by default
    3. Users can choose to sort by title or year, ascending or descending
    4. Users can click on a movie from the list to see what it's about

  Bonus:
    1. Users can page through the results
    2. Users can add movies to a list of favorites shown adjacent the full list




Prasad Kamthekar & Neil - Head of Engineering: Hiring Manager Review
1. This will be a more technical conversation where you will be asked a few specific questions regarding your resume, 
   looking for anecdotes regarding your listed experience.



